you know I started a year with surgery
it's kind of hard to get along with
those personality types it's hard to see
where I fit in I'm starting OB guy next
I'm really excited about that on my
first day of ob/gyns
I found myself lost in the jungle of the
labor and delivery ward not exactly sure
where I fell into the obvious social
hierarchy show OB guy in rotation is
ruled by the alpha females you want to
be part of their group but you also fear
them they're the strong and opinionated
leaders of the labor and delivery board
but get in their way
and face the consequences hey I've been
checking out a lot of ladies and I was
saying um hikes mmm there's just
something about pregnant ladies Rico we
thought alone god you're gross you can
go now is he bothering you no we were
just talking okay hey sit down
seriously sit down why don't they know
you I'm new I know BJ and it's my
birthday
shut up you're just starting you look
like you already know you're doing
seriously shut up um I didn't say
anything
so you're just a third year but your
look really smart oh thanks
so you agree what you think you're
really smart I didn't say that
hey it's a cool bus hitter no okay I was
reminded of an animal planet show about
hyenas where the females are dominant
over the males and can attack at will
but this was especially shocking because
I'd only ever seen surgeons act this way
yeah I just really prefer a female
exclusive group I mean men Tommen ate
everything else in medicine so at least
we can have our little queen done hey
can you give us private resident only
moments sure
so you should like know that we not do
this that often so pay close attention
we want to invite you to eat lunch with
us every day for the rest of the week
that sounds great but you should like
know that we have special rules every
morning you have to give a 10-minute
talk on a one health topic with handouts
and on paying public incentive paper
every morning out by the end which must
be here with our skinny vanilla lattes
160 degrees 1/2 midship Bowman and soy
milk only and Tuesday morning the clinic
oh yeah
so we're paying Miss Rose okay I didn't
realize how tough OB would be the five
Amma's were exhausting and I was
starting to miss having a personal life
but at least there was Peter